[#1905][FOLLOWUP] docs: Add documents after introducing XXX_JAVA_OPTS env var (#1933)
apache/incubator-uniffle: docs/coordinator_guide.md

     HADOOP_HOME=<hadoop home>
     XMX_SIZE="16g"
   ```

>    Besides, you can add extra jvm arguments for shuffle server by specific `UNIFFLE_COORDINATOR_JAVA_OPTS` in `rss-env.sh`
>    Something like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can add extra JVM arguments for the Uniffle coordinator by specifying `UNIFFLE_COORDINATOR_JAVA_OPTS` in `rss-env.sh`.
   Example:
```
